One hot, sultry August afternoon, a weary horse, whose heaving sides and
foam-flecked breast bore evidence to the fact that he had been driven
long and rapidly, was reined up in front of a little station on the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad. His rider—a tall,
broad-shouldered, full-bearded man—was dressed in clothing which seems
to have been chosen by the ranchmen of the country of which we write, as
a badge distinctive of their calling—a red shirt, wide-brimmed hat,
corduroy trousers and heavy top boots.

He was armed and equipped as the law of the plains directs—a heavy
Winchester rifle being slung at his back, and a brace of navy revolvers
buckled about his waist.

Before his horse had fairly come to a stand-still, he swung himself from
the saddle, hurried into the telegraph office, drew a couple of blanks
toward him, and, after writing a hasty dispatch upon each, handed them
to the operator.

The latter read them with great deliberation, counted the words they
contained, and no one would have imagined, by looking at his impassive
face, that he had made himself master of a piece of news that was
destined to work the most remarkable changes in the lives of some of the
characters who are to appear in our story.

Having received pay for the dispatches, the operator seated himself at
his instrument and sent them off, while the horseman sprang into his
saddle and rode slowly away.

Let us go with these telegrams and see where they went, and how they
were received by those to whom they were addressed. They both sped over
the same wire until they reached the city of Chicago, and then one
turned off and made its way to the little town of Bolton, in Indiana,
where we will leave it for the present, while we follow the other, which
finally reached its journey’s end in a thriving village in one of our
Eastern States.

The operator at the latter place, when he heard his “call” sounded,
seated himself at his table with his usual nonchalance; but, before he
had written half a dozen words, a surprised and grieved expression
settled on his face, and, when the dispatch had been copied, he leaned
back in his chair and sighed deeply.

“By George!” he exclaimed aloud.

“What’s the matter?” asked a messenger boy, who stood at his elbow.

“That’s telling,” was the answer. “If you are ever able to run a ticker
of your own, you will know that it is against the law to reveal the
contents of the messages you receive. Take this up to Mrs. Butler’s, and
be quick about it. It is for Bob Howard—all the way from Arizona.”

“By George!” repeated the operator, when the messenger boy was out of
hearing. “It’s too bad. It will pretty near kill Bob—and this is his
last day at school, and he is going to start for the West to-morrow
morning. He’ll go to a desolate home, poor fellow! If I had the money he
is heir to, I wouldn’t spend many more hours at this table, I bet you!”

The messenger boy broke into a run as soon as he was out of the office,
and presently mounted the steps leading to the door of a modest house in
a quiet street.

His pull at the bell was answered by a motherly-looking old lady, who
took the message, signed her own name to the receipt book, because she
didn’t believe that Mr. Howard had yet come from the academy, and then
went up-stairs and laid the dispatch upon the centre-table in a nicely
furnished room, propping it up against a book, so that it would be sure
to meet the eye of the person for whom it was intended as soon as he
entered at the door.

He came a few minutes later—a tall, dark youth, with coal-black hair and
eyes, and a countenance so striking, that, when you had taken one look
at it, you always wanted to turn and take another. You knew that he was
a young gentleman as soon as you put your eyes on him.

He was a favorite with the girls because of his handsome face and
figure; with his teachers, because of his studious habits and strict
regard for the rules of school; and with his fellows, because of his
kindness of heart and his proficiency in every athletic sport.

Frail as he looked, he took the lead of them all. No academy boy had
ever taken his measure on the campus, and as for sparring and fencing,
his superiority was acknowledged by everybody. He was a good oarsman, a
lightning pitcher, a terrific batter, and dead sure of making a double
shot on quails or snipe as often as the opportunity was offered. Many a
poor student had his money helped out of a tight place; and, although
Bob never let one hand know what the other hand did, those who were the
recipients of his favors could always tell where they came from.

The companion who followed at his heels was a different sort of boy
altogether. He was short and thick-set, and as homely as he was
good-natured, and his whole appearance indicated that he had not been
born with a silver spoon in his mouth.

His name was George Edwards, and he was janitor of the academy. His lot
had always been a hard one—how hard you will see as our story
progresses—and George could not remember the time when he had not been
dependent upon his own exertions for his daily bread.

Up to the hour he made the acquaintance of Bob Howard, his life had been
one fierce and constant struggle with poverty; but, since that memorable
afternoon, his pathway had been made smoother for him.

Having introduced our heroes, whom we hope you will like, we will
describe the circumstances under which they first met, and then we will
go back to the telegrams, which bear an important part in our story.